javascript-maze
===============

Tiling engine maze demo I put together as a tinkering experiment. Images are © Nintendo, and I only used them because I love Zelda. Please don't sue.

A map is generated by a 2-dimensional array outlining what tiles belong where. Tiles are 16x16 pixels, and they're positioned absolutely against the scene.

Position is kept in array indices as follows:

```
Array [
           [1,1,1,1,1,1,1]  0  First (Y)
           [1,0,0,0,0,0,1]  1
           [1,0,0,0,0,0,1]  2
           [1,0,0,0,P,0,1]  3
           [1,0,0,0,0,0,1]  4
           [1,1,1,1,1,1,1]  5
		 	
Second (X)  0 1 2 3 4 5 6
		 	 
		 ];
		 
		 P = Array[3][4]
```

Player movement occurs along the cartesian grid. So if the player is in position Array[3][4] and moves down one step, he'll end up in Array[4][4]. If he moved up, [2][4]. You get the idea. Note that grid positioning is done as [Y][X] rather than [X][Y].

-----

#### Options

The `board` object has a number of options, namely:

* `world` allows you to set the map set you'd like to use. It accepts a 2-dimensional array of `map` objects.
* `map` sets the initial map (needs to be from the `world` you set) to start from. It accepts a map object.
* `mapx` and `mapy` set the starting coordinates on the map grid. It accepts integers.
* `clone` lets you enable clones of the main player which move along with the player. When set to `true`, it'll show you 3 already-existing clones, or you can instantiate new Player objects with the "clone" name/identifier.
* `hidden` hides all tiles outside of the player's visibility. The player's visibility is set in the Player class as an integer describing the number of tiles the player can see around them, and it defaults to 3.

-----

#### Copyright

None. Go nuts.